sequential test: size of graph: 10; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 20; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 30; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 40; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 50; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 60; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 70; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 80; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 90; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 100; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 110; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 120; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 130; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 140; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 150; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 160; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 170; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 180; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 190; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 200; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 210; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 220; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 230; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 240; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 250; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 260; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 270; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 280; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 290; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 300; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 310; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 320; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 330; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 340; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 350; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 360; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 370; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 380; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 390; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 400; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 410; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 420; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 430; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 440; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 450; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 460; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 470; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 480; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 490; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 500; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 510; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 520; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 530; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 540; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 550; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 560; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 570; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 580; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 590; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 600; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 610; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 620; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 630; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 640; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 650; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 660; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 670; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 680; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 690; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 700; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 710; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 720; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 730; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 740; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 750; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 760; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 770; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 780; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 790; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 800; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 810; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 820; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 830; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 840; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 850; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 860; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 870; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 880; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 890; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 900; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 910; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 920; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 930; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 940; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 950; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 960; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 970; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 980; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 990; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1000; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1010; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1020; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1030; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1040; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1050; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1060; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1070; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1080; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1090; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1100; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1110; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1120; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1130; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1140; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1150; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1160; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1170; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1180; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1190; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1200; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1210; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1220; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1230; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1240; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1250; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1260; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1270; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1280; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1290; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1300; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1310; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1320; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1330; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1340; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1350; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1360; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1370; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1380; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1390; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1400; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1410; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1420; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1430; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1440; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1450; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1460; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1470; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1480; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1490; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1500; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1510; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1520; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1530; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1540; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1550; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1560; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1570; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1580; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1590; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1600; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1610; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1620; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1630; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1640; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1650; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1660; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1670; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1680; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1690; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1700; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1710; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1720; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1730; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1740; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1750; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1760; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1770; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1780; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1790; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1800; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1810; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1820; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1830; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1840; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1850; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1860; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1870; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1880; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1890; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1900; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1910; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1920; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1930; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1940; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1950; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1960; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1970; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1980; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1990; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2000; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2010; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2020; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2030; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2040; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2050; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2060; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2070; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2080; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2090; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2100; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2110; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2120; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2130; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2140; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2150; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2160; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2170; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2180; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2190; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2200; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2210; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2220; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2230; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2240; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2250; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2260; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2270; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2280; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2290; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2300; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2310; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2320; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2330; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2340; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2350; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2360; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2370; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2380; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2390; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2400; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2410; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2420; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2430; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2440; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2450; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2460; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2470; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2480; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2490; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2500; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2510; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2520; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2530; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2540; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2550; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2560; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2570; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2580; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2590; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2600; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2610; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2620; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2630; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2640; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2650; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2660; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2670; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2680; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2690; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2700; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2710; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2720; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2730; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2740; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2750; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2760; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2770; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2780; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2790; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2800; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2810; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2820; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2830; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2840; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2850; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2860; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2870; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2880; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2890; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2900; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2910; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2920; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2930; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2940; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2950; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2960; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2970; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2980; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2990; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3000; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3010; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3020; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3030; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3040; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3050; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3060; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3070; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3080; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3090; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3100; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3110; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3120; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3130; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3140; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3150; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3160; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3170; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3180; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3190; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3200; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3210; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3220; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3230; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3240; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3250; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3260; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3270; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3280; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3290; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3300; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3310; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3320; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3330; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3340; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3350; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3360; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3370; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3380; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3390; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3400; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3410; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3420; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3430; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3440; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3450; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3460; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3470; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3480; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3490; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3500; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3510; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3520; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3530; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3540; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3550; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3560; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3570; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3580; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3590; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3600; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3610; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3620; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3630; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3640; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3650; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3660; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3670; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3680; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3690; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3700; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3710; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3720; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3730; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3740; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3750; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3760; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3770; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3780; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3790; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3800; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3810; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3820; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3830; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3840; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3850; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3860; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3870; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3880; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3890; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3900; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3910; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3920; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3930; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3940; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3950; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3960; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3970; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3980; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3990; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4000; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4010; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4020; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4030; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4040; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4050; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4060; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4070; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4080; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4090; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4100; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4110; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4120; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4130; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4140; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4150; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4160; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4170; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4180; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4190; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4200; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4210; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4220; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4230; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4240; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4250; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4260; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4270; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4280; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4290; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4300; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4310; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4320; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4330; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4340; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4350; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4360; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4370; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4380; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4390; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4400; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4410; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4420; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4430; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4440; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4450; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4460; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4470; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4480; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4490; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4500; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4510; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4520; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4530; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4540; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4550; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4560; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4570; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4580; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4590; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4600; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4610; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4620; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4630; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4640; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4650; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4660; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4670; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4680; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4690; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4700; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4710; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4720; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4730; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4740; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4750; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4760; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4770; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4780; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4790; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4800; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4810; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4820; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4830; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4840; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4850; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4860; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4870; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4880; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4890; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4900; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4910; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4920; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4930; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4940; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4950; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4960; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4970; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4980; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4990; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5000; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5010; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5020; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5030; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5040; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5050; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5060; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5070; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5080; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5090; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5100; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5110; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5120; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5130; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5140; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5150; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5160; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5170; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5180; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5190; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5200; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5210; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5220; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5230; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5240; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5250; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5260; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5270; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5280; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5290; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5300; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5310; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5320; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5330; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5340; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5350; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5360; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5370; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5380; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5390; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5400; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5410; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5420; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5430; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5440; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5450; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5460; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5470; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5480; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5490; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5500; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5510; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5520; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5530; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5540; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5550; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5560; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5570; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5580; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5590; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5600; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5610; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5620; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5630; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5640; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5650; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5660; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5670; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5680; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5690; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5700; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5710; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5720; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5730; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5740; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5750; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5760; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5770; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5780; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5790; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5800; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5810; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5820; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5830; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5840; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5850; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5860; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5870; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5880; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5890; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5900; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5910; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5920; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5930; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5940; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5950; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5960; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5970; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5980; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5990; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6000; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6010; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6020; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6030; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6040; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6050; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6060; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6070; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6080; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6090; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6100; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6110; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6120; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6130; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6140; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6150; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6160; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6170; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6180; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6190; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6200; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6210; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6220; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6230; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6240; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6250; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6260; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6270; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6280; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6290; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6300; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6310; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6320; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6330; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6340; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6350; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6360; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6370; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6380; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6390; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6400; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6410; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6420; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6430; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6440; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6450; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6460; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6470; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6480; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6490; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6500; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6510; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6520; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6530; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6540; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6550; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6560; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6570; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6580; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6590; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6600; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6610; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6620; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6630; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6640; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6650; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6660; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6670; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6680; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6690; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6700; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6710; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6720; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6730; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6740; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6750; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6760; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6770; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6780; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6790; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6800; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6810; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6820; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6830; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6840; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6850; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6860; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6870; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6880; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6890; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6900; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6910; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6920; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6930; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6940; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6950; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6960; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6970; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6980; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6990; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7000; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7010; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7020; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7030; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7040; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7050; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7060; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7070; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7080; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7090; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7100; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7110; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7120; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7130; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7140; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7150; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7160; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7170; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7180; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7190; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7200; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7210; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7220; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7230; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7240; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7250; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7260; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7270; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7280; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7290; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7300; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7310; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7320; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7330; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7340; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7350; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7360; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7370; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7380; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7390; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7400; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7410; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7420; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7430; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7440; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7450; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7460; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7470; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7480; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7490; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7500; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7510; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7520; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7530; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7540; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7550; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7560; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7570; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7580; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7590; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7600; time: 53; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7610; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7620; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7630; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7640; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7650; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7660; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7670; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7680; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7690; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7700; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7710; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7720; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7730; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7740; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7750; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7760; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7770; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7780; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7790; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7800; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7810; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7820; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7830; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7840; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7850; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7860; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7870; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7880; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7890; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7900; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7910; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7920; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7930; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7940; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7950; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7960; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7970; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7980; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7990; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8000; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8010; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8020; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8030; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8040; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8050; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8060; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8070; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8080; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8090; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8100; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8110; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8120; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8130; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8140; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8150; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8160; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8170; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8180; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8190; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8200; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8210; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8220; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8230; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8240; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8250; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8260; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8270; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8280; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8290; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8300; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8310; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8320; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8330; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8340; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8350; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8360; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8370; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8380; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8390; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8400; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8410; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8420; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8430; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8440; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8450; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8460; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8470; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8480; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8490; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8500; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8510; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8520; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8530; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8540; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8550; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8560; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8570; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8580; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8590; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8600; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8610; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8620; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8630; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8640; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8650; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8660; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8670; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8680; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8690; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8700; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8710; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8720; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8730; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8740; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8750; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8760; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8770; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8780; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8790; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8800; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8810; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8820; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8830; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8840; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8850; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8860; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8870; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8880; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8890; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8900; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8910; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8920; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8930; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8940; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8950; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8960; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8970; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8980; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8990; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9000; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9010; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9020; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9030; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9040; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9050; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9060; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9070; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9080; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9090; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9100; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9110; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9120; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9130; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9140; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9150; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9160; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9170; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9180; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9190; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9200; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9210; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9220; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9230; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9240; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9250; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9260; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9270; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9280; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9290; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9300; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9310; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9320; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9330; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9340; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9350; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9360; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9370; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9380; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9390; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9400; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9410; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9420; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9430; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9440; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9450; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9460; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9470; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9480; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9490; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9500; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9510; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9520; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9530; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9540; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9550; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9560; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9570; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9580; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9590; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9600; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9610; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9620; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9630; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9640; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9650; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9660; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9670; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9680; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9690; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9700; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9710; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9720; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9730; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9740; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9750; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9760; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9770; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9780; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9790; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9800; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9810; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9820; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9830; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9840; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9850; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9860; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9870; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9880; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9890; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9900; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9910; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9920; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9930; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9940; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9950; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9960; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9970; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9980; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9990; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 10000; time: 29; ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 10; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 20; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 30; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 40; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 50; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 60; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 70; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 80; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 90; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 100; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 110; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 120; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 130; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 140; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 150; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 160; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 170; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 180; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 190; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 200; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 210; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 220; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 230; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 240; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 250; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 260; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 270; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 280; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 290; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 300; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 310; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 320; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 330; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 340; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 350; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 360; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 370; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 380; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 390; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 400; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 410; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 420; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 430; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 440; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 450; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 460; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 470; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 480; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 490; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 500; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 510; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 520; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 530; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 540; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 550; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 560; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 570; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 580; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 590; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 600; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 610; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 620; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 630; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 640; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 650; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 660; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 670; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 680; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 690; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 700; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 710; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 720; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 730; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 740; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 750; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 760; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 770; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 780; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 790; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 800; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 810; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 820; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 830; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 840; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 850; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 860; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 870; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 880; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 890; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 900; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 910; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 920; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 930; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 940; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 950; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 960; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 970; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 980; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 990; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1000; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1010; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1020; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1030; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1040; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1050; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1060; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1070; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1080; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1090; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1100; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1110; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1120; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1130; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1140; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1150; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1160; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1170; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1180; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1190; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1200; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1210; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1220; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1230; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1240; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1250; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1260; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1270; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1280; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1290; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1300; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1310; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1320; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1330; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1340; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1350; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1360; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1370; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1380; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1390; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1400; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1410; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1420; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1430; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1440; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1450; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1460; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1470; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1480; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1490; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1500; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1510; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1520; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1530; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1540; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1550; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1560; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1570; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1580; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1590; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1600; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1610; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1620; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1630; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1640; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1650; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1660; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1670; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1680; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1690; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1700; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1710; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1720; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1730; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1740; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1750; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1760; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1770; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1780; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1790; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1800; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1810; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1820; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1830; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1840; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1850; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1860; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1870; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1880; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1890; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1900; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1910; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1920; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1930; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1940; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1950; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1960; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1970; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1980; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1990; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2000; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2010; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2020; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2030; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2040; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2050; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2060; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2070; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2080; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2090; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2100; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2110; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2120; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2130; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2140; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2150; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2160; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2170; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2180; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2190; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2200; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2210; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2220; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2230; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2240; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2250; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2260; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2270; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2280; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2290; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2300; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2310; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2320; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2330; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2340; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2350; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2360; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2370; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2380; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2390; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2400; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2410; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2420; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2430; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2440; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2450; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2460; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2470; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2480; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2490; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2500; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2510; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2520; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2530; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2540; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2550; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2560; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2570; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2580; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2590; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2600; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2610; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2620; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2630; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2640; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2650; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2660; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2670; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2680; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2690; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2700; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2710; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2720; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2730; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2740; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2750; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2760; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2770; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2780; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2790; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2800; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2810; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2820; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2830; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2840; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2850; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2860; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2870; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2880; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2890; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2900; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2910; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2920; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2930; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2940; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2950; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2960; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2970; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2980; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2990; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3000; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3010; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3020; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3030; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3040; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3050; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3060; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3070; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3080; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3090; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3100; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3110; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3120; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3130; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3140; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3150; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3160; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3170; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3180; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3190; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3200; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3210; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3220; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3230; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3240; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3250; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3260; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3270; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3280; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3290; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3300; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3310; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3320; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3330; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3340; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3350; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3360; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3370; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3380; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3390; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3400; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3410; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3420; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3430; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3440; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3450; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3460; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3470; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3480; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3490; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3500; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3510; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3520; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3530; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3540; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3550; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3560; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3570; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3580; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3590; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3600; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3610; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3620; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3630; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3640; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3650; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3660; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3670; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3680; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3690; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3700; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3710; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3720; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3730; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3740; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3750; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3760; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3770; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3780; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3790; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3800; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3810; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3820; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3830; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3840; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3850; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3860; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3870; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3880; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3890; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3900; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3910; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3920; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3930; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3940; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3950; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3960; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3970; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3980; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3990; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4000; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4010; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4020; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4030; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4040; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4050; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4060; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4070; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4080; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4090; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4100; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4110; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4120; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4130; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4140; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4150; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4160; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4170; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4180; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4190; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4200; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4210; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4220; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4230; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4240; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4250; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4260; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4270; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4280; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4290; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4300; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4310; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4320; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4330; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4340; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4350; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4360; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4370; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4380; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4390; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4400; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4410; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4420; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4430; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4440; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4450; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4460; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4470; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4480; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4490; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4500; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4510; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4520; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4530; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4540; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4550; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4560; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4570; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4580; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4590; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4600; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4610; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4620; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4630; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4640; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4650; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4660; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4670; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4680; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4690; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4700; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4710; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4720; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4730; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4740; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4750; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4760; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4770; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4780; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4790; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4800; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4810; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4820; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4830; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4840; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4850; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4860; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4870; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4880; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4890; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4900; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4910; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4920; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4930; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4940; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4950; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4960; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4970; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4980; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4990; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5000; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5010; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5020; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5030; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5040; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5050; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5060; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5070; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5080; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5090; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5100; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5110; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5120; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5130; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5140; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5150; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5160; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5170; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5180; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5190; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5200; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5210; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5220; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5230; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5240; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5250; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5260; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5270; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5280; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5290; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5300; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5310; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5320; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5330; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5340; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5350; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5360; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5370; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5380; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5390; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5400; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5410; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5420; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5430; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5440; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5450; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5460; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5470; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5480; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5490; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5500; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5510; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5520; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5530; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5540; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5550; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5560; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5570; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5580; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5590; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5600; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5610; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5620; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5630; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5640; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5650; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5660; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5670; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5680; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5690; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5700; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5710; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5720; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5730; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5740; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5750; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5760; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5770; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5780; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5790; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5800; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5810; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5820; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5830; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5840; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5850; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5860; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5870; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5880; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5890; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5900; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5910; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5920; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5930; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5940; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5950; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5960; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5970; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5980; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5990; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6000; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6010; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6020; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6030; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6040; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6050; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6060; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6070; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6080; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6090; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6100; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6110; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6120; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6130; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6140; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6150; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6160; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6170; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6180; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6190; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6200; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6210; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6220; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6230; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6240; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6250; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6260; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6270; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6280; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6290; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6300; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6310; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6320; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6330; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6340; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6350; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6360; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6370; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6380; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6390; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6400; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6410; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6420; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6430; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6440; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6450; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6460; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6470; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6480; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6490; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6500; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6510; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6520; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6530; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6540; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6550; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6560; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6570; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6580; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6590; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6600; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6610; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6620; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6630; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6640; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6650; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6660; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6670; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6680; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6690; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6700; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6710; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6720; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6730; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6740; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6750; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6760; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6770; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6780; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6790; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6800; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6810; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6820; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6830; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6840; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6850; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6860; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6870; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6880; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6890; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6900; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6910; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6920; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6930; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6940; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6950; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6960; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6970; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6980; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6990; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7000; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7010; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7020; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7030; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7040; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7050; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7060; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7070; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7080; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7090; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7100; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7110; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7120; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7130; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7140; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7150; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7160; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7170; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7180; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7190; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7200; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7210; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7220; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7230; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7240; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7250; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7260; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7270; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7280; time: 71 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7290; time: 79 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7300; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7310; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7320; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7330; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7340; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7350; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7360; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7370; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7380; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7390; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7400; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7410; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7420; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7430; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7440; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7450; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7460; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7470; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7480; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7490; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7500; time: 78 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7510; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7520; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7530; time: 95 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7540; time: 60 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7550; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7560; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7570; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7580; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7590; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7600; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7610; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7620; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7630; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7640; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7650; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7660; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7670; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7680; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7690; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7700; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7710; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7720; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7730; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7740; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7750; time: 82 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7760; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7770; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7780; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7790; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7800; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7810; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7820; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7830; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7840; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7850; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7860; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7870; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7880; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7890; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7900; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7910; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7920; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7930; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7940; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7950; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7960; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7970; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7980; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7990; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8000; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8010; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8020; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8030; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8040; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8050; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8060; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8070; time: 75 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8080; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8090; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8100; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8110; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8120; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8130; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8140; time: 70 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8150; time: 63 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8160; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8170; time: 72 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8180; time: 84 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8190; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8200; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8210; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8220; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8230; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8240; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8250; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8260; time: 60 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8270; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8280; time: 67 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8290; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8300; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8310; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8320; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8330; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8340; time: 79 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8350; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8360; time: 60 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8370; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8380; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8390; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8400; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8410; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8420; time: 63 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8430; time: 86 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8440; time: 65 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8450; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8460; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8470; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8480; time: 72 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8490; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8500; time: 76 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8510; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8520; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8530; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8540; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8550; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8560; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8570; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8580; time: 77 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8590; time: 70 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8600; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8610; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8620; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8630; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8640; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8650; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8660; time: 91 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8670; time: 60 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8680; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8690; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8700; time: 76 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8710; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8720; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8730; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8740; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8750; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8760; time: 68 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8770; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8780; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8790; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8800; time: 76 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8810; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8820; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8830; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8840; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8850; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8860; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8870; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8880; time: 102 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8890; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8900; time: 73 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8910; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8920; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8930; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8940; time: 75 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8950; time: 59 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8960; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8970; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8980; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8990; time: 84 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9000; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9010; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9020; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9030; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9040; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9050; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9060; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9070; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9080; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9090; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9100; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9110; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9120; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9130; time: 79 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9140; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9150; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9160; time: 81 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9170; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9180; time: 83 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9190; time: 59 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9200; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9210; time: 65 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9220; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9230; time: 84 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9240; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9250; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9260; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9270; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9280; time: 99 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9290; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9300; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9310; time: 71 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9320; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9330; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9340; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9350; time: 76 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9360; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9370; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9380; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9390; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9400; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9410; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9420; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9430; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9440; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9450; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9460; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9470; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9480; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9490; time: 77 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9500; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9510; time: 81 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9520; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9530; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9540; time: 79 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9550; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9560; time: 63 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9570; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9580; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9590; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9600; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9610; time: 68 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9620; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9630; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9640; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9650; time: 88 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9660; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9670; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9680; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9690; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9700; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9710; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9720; time: 60 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9730; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9740; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9750; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9760; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9770; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9780; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9790; time: 67 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9800; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9810; time: 165 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9820; time: 94 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9830; time: 121 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9840; time: 59 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9850; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9860; time: 67 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9870; time: 76 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9880; time: 86 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9890; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9900; time: 121 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9910; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9920; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9930; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9940; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9950; time: 80 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9960; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9970; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9980; time: 78 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9990; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 10000; time: 54 ms
sequential test: size of graph: 10; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 20; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 30; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 40; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 50; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 60; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 70; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 80; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 90; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 100; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 110; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 120; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 130; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 140; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 150; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 160; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 170; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 180; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 190; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 200; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 210; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 220; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 230; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 240; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 250; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 260; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 270; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 280; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 290; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 300; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 310; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 320; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 330; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 340; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 350; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 360; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 370; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 380; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 390; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 400; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 410; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 420; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 430; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 440; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 450; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 460; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 470; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 480; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 490; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 500; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 510; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 520; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 530; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 540; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 550; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 560; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 570; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 580; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 590; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 600; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 610; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 620; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 630; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 640; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 650; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 660; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 670; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 680; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 690; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 700; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 710; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 720; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 730; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 740; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 750; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 760; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 770; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 780; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 790; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 800; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 810; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 820; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 830; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 840; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 850; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 860; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 870; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 880; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 890; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 900; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 910; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 920; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 930; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 940; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 950; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 960; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 970; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 980; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 990; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1000; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1010; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1020; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1030; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1040; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1050; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1060; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1070; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1080; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1090; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1100; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1110; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1120; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1130; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1140; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1150; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1160; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1170; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1180; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1190; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1200; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1210; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1220; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1230; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1240; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1250; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1260; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1270; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1280; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1290; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1300; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1310; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1320; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1330; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1340; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1350; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1360; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1370; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1380; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1390; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1400; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1410; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1420; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1430; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1440; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1450; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1460; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1470; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1480; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1490; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1500; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1510; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1520; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1530; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1540; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1550; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1560; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1570; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1580; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1590; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1600; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1610; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1620; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1630; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1640; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1650; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1660; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1670; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1680; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1690; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1700; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1710; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1720; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1730; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1740; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1750; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1760; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1770; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1780; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1790; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1800; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1810; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1820; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1830; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1840; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1850; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1860; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1870; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1880; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1890; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1900; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1910; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1920; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1930; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1940; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1950; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1960; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1970; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1980; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1990; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2000; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2010; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2020; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2030; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2040; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2050; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2060; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2070; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2080; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2090; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2100; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2110; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2120; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2130; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2140; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2150; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2160; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2170; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2180; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2190; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2200; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2210; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2220; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2230; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2240; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2250; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2260; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2270; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2280; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2290; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2300; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2310; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2320; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2330; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2340; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2350; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2360; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2370; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2380; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2390; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2400; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2410; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2420; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2430; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2440; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2450; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2460; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2470; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2480; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2490; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2500; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2510; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2520; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2530; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2540; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2550; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2560; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2570; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2580; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2590; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2600; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2610; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2620; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2630; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2640; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2650; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2660; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2670; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2680; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2690; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2700; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2710; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2720; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2730; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2740; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2750; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2760; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2770; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2780; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2790; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2800; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2810; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2820; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2830; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2840; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2850; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2860; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2870; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2880; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2890; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2900; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2910; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2920; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2930; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2940; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2950; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2960; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2970; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2980; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2990; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3000; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3010; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3020; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3030; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3040; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3050; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3060; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3070; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3080; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3090; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3100; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3110; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3120; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3130; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3140; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3150; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3160; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3170; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3180; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3190; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3200; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3210; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3220; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3230; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3240; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3250; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3260; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3270; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3280; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3290; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3300; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3310; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3320; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3330; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3340; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3350; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3360; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3370; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3380; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3390; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3400; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3410; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3420; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3430; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3440; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3450; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3460; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3470; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3480; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3490; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3500; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3510; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3520; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3530; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3540; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3550; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3560; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3570; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3580; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3590; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3600; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3610; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3620; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3630; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3640; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3650; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3660; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3670; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3680; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3690; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3700; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3710; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3720; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3730; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3740; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3750; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3760; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3770; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3780; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3790; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3800; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3810; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3820; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3830; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3840; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3850; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3860; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3870; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3880; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3890; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3900; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3910; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3920; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3930; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3940; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3950; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3960; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3970; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3980; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3990; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4000; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4010; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4020; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4030; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4040; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4050; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4060; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4070; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4080; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4090; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4100; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4110; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4120; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4130; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4140; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4150; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4160; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4170; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4180; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4190; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4200; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4210; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4220; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4230; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4240; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4250; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4260; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4270; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4280; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4290; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4300; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4310; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4320; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4330; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4340; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4350; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4360; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4370; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4380; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4390; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4400; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4410; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4420; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4430; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4440; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4450; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4460; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4470; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4480; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4490; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4500; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4510; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4520; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4530; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4540; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4550; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4560; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4570; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4580; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4590; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4600; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4610; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4620; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4630; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4640; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4650; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4660; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4670; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4680; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4690; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4700; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4710; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4720; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4730; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4740; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4750; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4760; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4770; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4780; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4790; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4800; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4810; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4820; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4830; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4840; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4850; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4860; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4870; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4880; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4890; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4900; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4910; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4920; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4930; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4940; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4950; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4960; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4970; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4980; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4990; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5000; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5010; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5020; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5030; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5040; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5050; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5060; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5070; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5080; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5090; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5100; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5110; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5120; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5130; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5140; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5150; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5160; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5170; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5180; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5190; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5200; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5210; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5220; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5230; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5240; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5250; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5260; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5270; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5280; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5290; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5300; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5310; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5320; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5330; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5340; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5350; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5360; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5370; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5380; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5390; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5400; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5410; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5420; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5430; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5440; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5450; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5460; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5470; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5480; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5490; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5500; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5510; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5520; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5530; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5540; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5550; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5560; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5570; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5580; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5590; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5600; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5610; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5620; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5630; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5640; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5650; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5660; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5670; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5680; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5690; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5700; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5710; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5720; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5730; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5740; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5750; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5760; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5770; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5780; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5790; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5800; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5810; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5820; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5830; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5840; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5850; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5860; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5870; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5880; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5890; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5900; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5910; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5920; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5930; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5940; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5950; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5960; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5970; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5980; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5990; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6000; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6010; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6020; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6030; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6040; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6050; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6060; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6070; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6080; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6090; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6100; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6110; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6120; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6130; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6140; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6150; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6160; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6170; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6180; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6190; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6200; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6210; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6220; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6230; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6240; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6250; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6260; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6270; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6280; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6290; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6300; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6310; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6320; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6330; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6340; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6350; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6360; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6370; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6380; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6390; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6400; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6410; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6420; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6430; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6440; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6450; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6460; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6470; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6480; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6490; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6500; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6510; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6520; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6530; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6540; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6550; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6560; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6570; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6580; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6590; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6600; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6610; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6620; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6630; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6640; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6650; time: 25; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6660; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6670; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6680; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6690; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6700; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6710; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6720; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6730; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6740; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6750; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6760; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6770; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6780; time: 26; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6790; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6800; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6810; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6820; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6830; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6840; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6850; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6860; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6870; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6880; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6890; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6900; time: 27; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6910; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6920; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6930; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6940; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6950; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6960; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6970; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6980; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6990; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7000; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7010; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7020; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7030; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7040; time: 28; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7050; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7060; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7070; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7080; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7090; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7100; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7110; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7120; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7130; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7140; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7150; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7160; time: 29; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7170; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7180; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7190; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7200; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7210; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7220; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7230; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7240; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7250; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7260; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7270; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7280; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7290; time: 30; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7300; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7310; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7320; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7330; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7340; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7350; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7360; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7370; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7380; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7390; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7400; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7410; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7420; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7430; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7440; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7450; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7460; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7470; time: 31; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7480; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7490; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7500; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7510; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7520; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7530; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7540; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7550; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7560; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7570; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7580; time: 32; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7590; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7600; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7610; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7620; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7630; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7640; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7650; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7660; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7670; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7680; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7690; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7700; time: 33; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7710; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7720; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7730; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7740; time: 34; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7750; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7760; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7770; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7780; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7790; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7800; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7810; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7820; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7830; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7840; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7850; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7860; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7870; time: 35; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7880; time: 37; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7890; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7900; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7910; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7920; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7930; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7940; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7950; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7960; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7970; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7980; time: 37; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 7990; time: 75; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8000; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8010; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8020; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8030; time: 36; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8040; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8050; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8060; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8070; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8080; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8090; time: 37; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8100; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8110; time: 37; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8120; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8130; time: 37; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8140; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8150; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8160; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8170; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8180; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8190; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8200; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8210; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8220; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8230; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8240; time: 38; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8250; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8260; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8270; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8280; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8290; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8300; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8310; time: 39; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8320; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8330; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8340; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8350; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8360; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8370; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8380; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8390; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8400; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8410; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8420; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8430; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8440; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8450; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8460; time: 40; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8470; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8480; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8490; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8500; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8510; time: 41; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8520; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8530; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8540; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8550; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8560; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8570; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8580; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8590; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8600; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8610; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8620; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8630; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8640; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8650; time: 42; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8660; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8670; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8680; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8690; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8700; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8710; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8720; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8730; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8740; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8750; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8760; time: 43; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8770; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8780; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8790; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8800; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8810; time: 44; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8820; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8830; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8840; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8850; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8860; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8870; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8880; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8890; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8900; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8910; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8920; time: 45; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8930; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8940; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8950; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8960; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8970; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8980; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 8990; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9000; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9010; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9020; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9030; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9040; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9050; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9060; time: 46; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9070; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9080; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9090; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9100; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9110; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9120; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9130; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9140; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9150; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9160; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9170; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9180; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9190; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9200; time: 47; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9210; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9220; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9230; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9240; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9250; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9260; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9270; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9280; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9290; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9300; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9310; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9320; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9330; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9340; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9350; time: 49; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9360; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9370; time: 51; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9380; time: 51; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9390; time: 48; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9400; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9410; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9420; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9430; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9440; time: 56; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9450; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9460; time: 50; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9470; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9480; time: 53; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9490; time: 51; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9500; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9510; time: 51; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9520; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9530; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9540; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9550; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9560; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9570; time: 52; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9580; time: 53; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9590; time: 54; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9600; time: 53; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 9610; time: 54; ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 10; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 20; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 30; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 40; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 50; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 60; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 70; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 80; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 90; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 100; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 110; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 120; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 130; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 140; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 150; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 160; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 170; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 180; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 190; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 200; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 210; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 220; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 230; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 240; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 250; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 260; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 270; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 280; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 290; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 300; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 310; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 320; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 330; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 340; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 350; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 360; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 370; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 380; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 390; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 400; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 410; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 420; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 430; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 440; time: 0 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 450; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 460; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 470; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 480; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 490; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 500; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 510; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 520; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 530; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 540; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 550; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 560; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 570; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 580; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 590; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 600; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 610; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 620; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 630; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 640; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 650; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 660; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 670; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 680; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 690; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 700; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 710; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 720; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 730; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 740; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 750; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 760; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 770; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 780; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 790; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 800; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 810; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 820; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 830; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 840; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 850; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 860; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 870; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 880; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 890; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 900; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 910; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 920; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 930; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 940; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 950; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 960; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 970; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 980; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 990; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1000; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1010; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1020; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1030; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1040; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1050; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1060; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1070; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1080; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1090; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1100; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1110; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1120; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1130; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1140; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1150; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1160; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1170; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1180; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1190; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1200; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1210; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1220; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1230; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1240; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1250; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1260; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1270; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1280; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1290; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1300; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1310; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1320; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1330; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1340; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1350; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1360; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1370; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1380; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1390; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1400; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1410; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1420; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1430; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1440; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1450; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1460; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1470; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1480; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1490; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1500; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1510; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1520; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1530; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1540; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1550; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1560; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1570; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1580; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1590; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1600; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1610; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1620; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1630; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1640; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1650; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1660; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1670; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1680; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1690; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1700; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1710; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1720; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1730; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1740; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1750; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1760; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1770; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1780; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1790; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1800; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1810; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1820; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1830; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1840; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1850; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1860; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1870; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1880; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1890; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1900; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1910; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1920; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1930; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1940; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1950; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1960; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1970; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1980; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 1990; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2000; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2010; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2020; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2030; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2040; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2050; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2060; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2070; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2080; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2090; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2100; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2110; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2120; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2130; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2140; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2150; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2160; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2170; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2180; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2190; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2200; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2210; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2220; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2230; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2240; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2250; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2260; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2270; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2280; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2290; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2300; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2310; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2320; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2330; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2340; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2350; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2360; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2370; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2380; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2390; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2400; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2410; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2420; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2430; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2440; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2450; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2460; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2470; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2480; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2490; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2500; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2510; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2520; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2530; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2540; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2550; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2560; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2570; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2580; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2590; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2600; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2610; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2620; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2630; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2640; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2650; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2660; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2670; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2680; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2690; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2700; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2710; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2720; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2730; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2740; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2750; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2760; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2770; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2780; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2790; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2800; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2810; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2820; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2830; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2840; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2850; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2860; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2870; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2880; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2890; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2900; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2910; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2920; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2930; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2940; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2950; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2960; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2970; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2980; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 2990; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3000; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3010; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3020; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3030; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3040; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3050; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3060; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3070; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3080; time: 6 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3090; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3100; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3110; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3120; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3130; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3140; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3150; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3160; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3170; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3180; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3190; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3200; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3210; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3220; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3230; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3240; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3250; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3260; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3270; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3280; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3290; time: 7 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3300; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3310; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3320; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3330; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3340; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3350; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3360; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3370; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3380; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3390; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3400; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3410; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3420; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3430; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3440; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3450; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3460; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3470; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3480; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3490; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3500; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3510; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3520; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3530; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3540; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3550; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3560; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3570; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3580; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3590; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3600; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3610; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3620; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3630; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3640; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3650; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3660; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3670; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3680; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3690; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3700; time: 8 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3710; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3720; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3730; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3740; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3750; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3760; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3770; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3780; time: 9 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3790; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3800; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3810; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3820; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3830; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3840; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3850; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3860; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3870; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3880; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3890; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3900; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3910; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3920; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3930; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3940; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3950; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3960; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3970; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3980; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 3990; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4000; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4010; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4020; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4030; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4040; time: 10 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4050; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4060; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4070; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4080; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4090; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4100; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4110; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4120; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4130; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4140; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4150; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4160; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4170; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4180; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4190; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4200; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4210; time: 11 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4220; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4230; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4240; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4250; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4260; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4270; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4280; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4290; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4300; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4310; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4320; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4330; time: 12 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4340; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4350; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4360; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4370; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4380; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4390; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4400; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4410; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4420; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4430; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4440; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4450; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4460; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4470; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4480; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4490; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4500; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4510; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4520; time: 13 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4530; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4540; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4550; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4560; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4570; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4580; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4590; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4600; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4610; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4620; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4630; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4640; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4650; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4660; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4670; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4680; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4690; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4700; time: 14 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4710; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4720; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4730; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4740; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4750; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4760; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4770; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4780; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4790; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4800; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4810; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4820; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4830; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4840; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4850; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4860; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4870; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4880; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4890; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4900; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4910; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4920; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4930; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4940; time: 15 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4950; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4960; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4970; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4980; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 4990; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5000; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5010; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5020; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5030; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5040; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5050; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5060; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5070; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5080; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5090; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5100; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5110; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5120; time: 16 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5130; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5140; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5150; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5160; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5170; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5180; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5190; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5200; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5210; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5220; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5230; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5240; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5250; time: 17 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5260; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5270; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5280; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5290; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5300; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5310; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5320; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5330; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5340; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5350; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5360; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5370; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5380; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5390; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5400; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5410; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5420; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5430; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5440; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5450; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5460; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5470; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5480; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5490; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5500; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5510; time: 18 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5520; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5530; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5540; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5550; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5560; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5570; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5580; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5590; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5600; time: 19 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5610; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5620; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5630; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5640; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5650; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5660; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5670; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5680; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5690; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5700; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5710; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5720; time: 20 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5730; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5740; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5750; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5760; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5770; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5780; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5790; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5800; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5810; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5820; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5830; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5840; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5850; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5860; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5870; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5880; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5890; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5900; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5910; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5920; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5930; time: 21 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5940; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5950; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5960; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5970; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5980; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 5990; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6000; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6010; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6020; time: 22 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6030; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6040; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6050; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6060; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6070; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6080; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6090; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6100; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6110; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6120; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6130; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6140; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6150; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6160; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6170; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6180; time: 23 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6190; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6200; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6210; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6220; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6230; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6240; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6250; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6260; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6270; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6280; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6290; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6300; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6310; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6320; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6330; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6340; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6350; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6360; time: 24 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6370; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6380; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6390; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6400; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6410; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6420; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6430; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6440; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6450; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6460; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6470; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6480; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6490; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6500; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6510; time: 25 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6520; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6530; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6540; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6550; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6560; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6570; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6580; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6590; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6600; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6610; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6620; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6630; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6640; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6650; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6660; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6670; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6680; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6690; time: 26 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6700; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6710; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6720; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6730; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6740; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6750; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6760; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6770; time: 27 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6780; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6790; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6800; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6810; time: 28 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6820; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6830; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6840; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6850; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6860; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6870; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6880; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6890; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6900; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6910; time: 29 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6920; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6930; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6940; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6950; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6960; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6970; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6980; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 6990; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7000; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7010; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7020; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7030; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7040; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7050; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7060; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7070; time: 30 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7080; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7090; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7100; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7110; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7120; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7130; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7140; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7150; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7160; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7170; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7180; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7190; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7200; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7210; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7220; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7230; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7240; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7250; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7260; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7270; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7280; time: 32 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7290; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7300; time: 31 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7310; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7320; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7330; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7340; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7350; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7360; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7370; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7380; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7390; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7400; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7410; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7420; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7430; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7440; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7450; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7460; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7470; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7480; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7490; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7500; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7510; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7520; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7530; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7540; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7550; time: 33 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7560; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7570; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7580; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7590; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7600; time: 34 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7610; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7620; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7630; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7640; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7650; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7660; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7670; time: 35 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7680; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7690; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7700; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7710; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7720; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7730; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7740; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7750; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7760; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7770; time: 36 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7780; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7790; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7800; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7810; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7820; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7830; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7840; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7850; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7860; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7870; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7880; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7890; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7900; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7910; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7920; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7930; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7940; time: 38 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7950; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7960; time: 37 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7970; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7980; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 7990; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8000; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8010; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8020; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8030; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8040; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8050; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8060; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8070; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8080; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8090; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8100; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8110; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8120; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8130; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8140; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8150; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8160; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8170; time: 39 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8180; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8190; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8200; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8210; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8220; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8230; time: 40 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8240; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8250; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8260; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8270; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8280; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8290; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8300; time: 41 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8310; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8320; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8330; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8340; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8350; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8360; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8370; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8380; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8390; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8400; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8410; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8420; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8430; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8440; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8450; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8460; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8470; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8480; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8490; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8500; time: 42 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8510; time: 43 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8520; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8530; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8540; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8550; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8560; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8570; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8580; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8590; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8600; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8610; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8620; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8630; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8640; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8650; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8660; time: 44 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8670; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8680; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8690; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8700; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8710; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8720; time: 45 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8730; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8740; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8750; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8760; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8770; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8780; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8790; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8800; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8810; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8820; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8830; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8840; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8850; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8860; time: 46 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8870; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8880; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8890; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8900; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8910; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8920; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8930; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8940; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8950; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8960; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8970; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8980; time: 47 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 8990; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9000; time: 48 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9010; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9020; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9030; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9040; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9050; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9060; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9070; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9080; time: 49 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9090; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9100; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9110; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9120; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9130; time: 50 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9140; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9150; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9160; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9170; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9180; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9190; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9200; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9210; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9220; time: 51 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9230; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9240; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9250; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9260; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9270; time: 62 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9280; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9290; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9300; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9310; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9320; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9330; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9340; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9350; time: 52 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9360; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9370; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9380; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9390; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9400; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9410; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9420; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9430; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9440; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9450; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9460; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9470; time: 53 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9480; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9490; time: 54 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9500; time: 55 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9510; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9520; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9530; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9540; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9550; time: 76 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9560; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9570; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9580; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9590; time: 57 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9600; time: 58 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9610; time: 56 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9620; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9630; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9640; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9650; time: 62 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9660; time: 60 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9670; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9680; time: 65 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9690; time: 65 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9700; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9710; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9720; time: 62 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9730; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9740; time: 59 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9750; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9760; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9770; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9780; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9790; time: 69 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9800; time: 61 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9810; time: 63 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9820; time: 70 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9830; time: 70 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9840; time: 85 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9850; time: 92 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9860; time: 91 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9870; time: 75 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9880; time: 79 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9890; time: 71 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9900; time: 73 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9910; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9920; time: 63 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9930; time: 67 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9940; time: 82 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9950; time: 70 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9960; time: 66 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9970; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9980; time: 64 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 9990; time: 68 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 10000; time: 74 ms
sequential test: size of graph: 10; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 20; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 30; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 40; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 50; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 60; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 70; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 80; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 90; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 100; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 110; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 120; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 130; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 140; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 150; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 160; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 170; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 180; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 190; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 200; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 210; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 220; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 230; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 240; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 250; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 260; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 270; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 280; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 290; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 300; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 310; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 320; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 330; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 340; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 350; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 360; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 370; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 380; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 390; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 400; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 410; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 420; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 430; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 440; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 450; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 460; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 470; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 480; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 490; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 500; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 510; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 520; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 530; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 540; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 550; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 560; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 570; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 580; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 590; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 600; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 610; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 620; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 630; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 640; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 650; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 660; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 670; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 680; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 690; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 700; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 710; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 720; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 730; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 740; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 750; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 760; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 770; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 780; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 790; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 800; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 810; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 820; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 830; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 840; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 850; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 860; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 870; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 880; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 890; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 900; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 910; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 920; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 930; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 940; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 950; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 960; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 970; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 980; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 990; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1000; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1010; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1020; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1030; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1040; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1050; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1060; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1070; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1080; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1090; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1100; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1110; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1120; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1130; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1140; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1150; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1160; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1170; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1180; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1190; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1200; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1210; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1220; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1230; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1240; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1250; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1260; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1270; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1280; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1290; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1300; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1310; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1320; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1330; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1340; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1350; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1360; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1370; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1380; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1390; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1400; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1410; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1420; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1430; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1440; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1450; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1460; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1470; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1480; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1490; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1500; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1510; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1520; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1530; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1540; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1550; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1560; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1570; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1580; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1590; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1600; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1610; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1620; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1630; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1640; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1650; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1660; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1670; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1680; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1690; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1700; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1710; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1720; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1730; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1740; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1750; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1760; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1770; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1780; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1790; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1800; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1810; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1820; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1830; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1840; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1850; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1860; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1870; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1880; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1890; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1900; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1910; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1920; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1930; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1940; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1950; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1960; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1970; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1980; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 1990; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2000; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2010; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2020; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2030; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2040; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2050; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2060; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2070; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2080; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2090; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2100; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2110; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2120; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2130; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2140; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2150; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2160; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2170; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2180; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2190; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2200; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2210; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2220; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2230; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2240; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2250; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2260; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2270; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2280; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2290; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2300; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2310; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2320; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2330; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2340; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2350; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2360; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2370; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2380; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2390; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2400; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2410; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2420; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2430; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2440; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2450; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2460; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2470; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2480; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2490; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2500; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2510; time: 3; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2520; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2530; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2540; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2550; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2560; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2570; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2580; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2590; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2600; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2610; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2620; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2630; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2640; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2650; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2660; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2670; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2680; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2690; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2700; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2710; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2720; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2730; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2740; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2750; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2760; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2770; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2780; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2790; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2800; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2810; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2820; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2830; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2840; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2850; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2860; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2870; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2880; time: 4; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2890; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2900; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2910; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2920; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2930; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2940; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2950; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2960; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2970; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2980; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 2990; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3000; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3010; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3020; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3030; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3040; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3050; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3060; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3070; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3080; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3090; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3100; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3110; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3120; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3130; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3140; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3150; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3160; time: 5; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3170; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3180; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3190; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3200; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3210; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3220; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3230; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3240; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3250; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3260; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3270; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3280; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3290; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3300; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3310; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3320; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3330; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3340; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3350; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3360; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3370; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3380; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3390; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3400; time: 6; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3410; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3420; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3430; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3440; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3450; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3460; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3470; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3480; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3490; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3500; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3510; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3520; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3530; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3540; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3550; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3560; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3570; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3580; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3590; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3600; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3610; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3620; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3630; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3640; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3650; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3660; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3670; time: 7; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3680; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3690; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3700; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3710; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3720; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3730; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3740; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3750; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3760; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3770; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3780; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3790; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3800; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3810; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3820; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3830; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3840; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3850; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3860; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3870; time: 8; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3880; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3890; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3900; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3910; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3920; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3930; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3940; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3950; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3960; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3970; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3980; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 3990; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4000; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4010; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4020; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4030; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4040; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4050; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4060; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4070; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4080; time: 9; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4090; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4100; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4110; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4120; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4130; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4140; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4150; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4160; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4170; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4180; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4190; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4200; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4210; time: 10; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4220; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4230; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4240; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4250; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4260; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4270; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4280; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4290; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4300; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4310; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4320; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4330; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4340; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4350; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4360; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4370; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4380; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4390; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4400; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4410; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4420; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4430; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4440; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4450; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4460; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4470; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4480; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4490; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4500; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4510; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4520; time: 11; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4530; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4540; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4550; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4560; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4570; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4580; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4590; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4600; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4610; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4620; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4630; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4640; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4650; time: 12; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4660; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4670; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4680; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4690; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4700; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4710; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4720; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4730; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4740; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4750; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4760; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4770; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4780; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4790; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4800; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4810; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4820; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4830; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4840; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4850; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4860; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4870; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4880; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4890; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4900; time: 13; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4910; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4920; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4930; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4940; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4950; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4960; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4970; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4980; time: 14; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 4990; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5000; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5010; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5020; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5030; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5040; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5050; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5060; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5070; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5080; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5090; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5100; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5110; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5120; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5130; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5140; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5150; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5160; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5170; time: 15; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5180; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5190; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5200; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5210; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5220; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5230; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5240; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5250; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5260; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5270; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5280; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5290; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5300; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5310; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5320; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5330; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5340; time: 16; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5350; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5360; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5370; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5380; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5390; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5400; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5410; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5420; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5430; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5440; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5450; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5460; time: 17; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5470; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5480; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5490; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5500; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5510; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5520; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5530; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5540; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5550; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5560; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5570; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5580; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5590; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5600; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5610; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5620; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5630; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5640; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5650; time: 18; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5660; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5670; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5680; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5690; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5700; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5710; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5720; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5730; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5740; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5750; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5760; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5770; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5780; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5790; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5800; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5810; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5820; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5830; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5840; time: 19; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5850; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5860; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5870; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5880; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5890; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5900; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5910; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5920; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5930; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5940; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5950; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5960; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5970; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5980; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 5990; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6000; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6010; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6020; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6030; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6040; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6050; time: 20; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6060; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6070; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6080; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6090; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6100; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6110; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6120; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6130; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6140; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6150; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6160; time: 21; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6170; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6180; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6190; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6200; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6210; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6220; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6230; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6240; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6250; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6260; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6270; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6280; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6290; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6300; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6310; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6320; time: 22; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6330; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6340; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6350; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6360; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6370; time: 23; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6380; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6390; time: 24; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 6400; time: 23; msequential test: size of graph: 10; time: 2; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 20; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 30; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 40; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 50; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 60; time: 1; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 70; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 80; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 90; time: 0; ms
sequential test: size of graph: 100; time: 0; ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 10; time: 5 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 20; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 30; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 40; time: 4 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 50; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 60; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 70; time: 1 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 80; time: 3 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 90; time: 2 ms
parallel test: number of threads: 16; size of graph: 100; time: 2 ms
